Add call override for use_running_average (#683)
google/flax: docs/notes/parameters.md

are hyper paramaters and call time arguments are the data and some "mode switches" like whether the model
should be deterministic or use stochastic regularization.

Some cases are however ambigious. Take for example the `Dropout` module.
We have a number of clear hyper paramaters:
1. the dropout rate
2. the axes for which a dropout mask is generated

and some clear call time arguments:
1. the input that should be masked using dropout
2. the (optional) rng used to sample the random mask

There is however a final argument that is ambigious. Which is the `deterministic` argument.
If `deterministic` is true no dropout mask is sampled. This is typically used during model evaluation.
However, if we pass `eval=True` or `train=False` to a top-level Module. The `deterministic` argument needs
to be applied everywhere and the boolean argument needs to be passed down to all the layers that might use `Dropout`.
If `deterministic` is an attribute we might do the following instead:

```python
from functools import partial
from flax import linen as nn

class ResidualModel(nn.Module):
  drop_rate: float

  @nn.compact

>   def __call__(self, x, *, train):

Reviewer: Does this syntax work? I thought you need a default value for an kwarg that comes after `*` maybe? (I could be wrong)

Reviewer: (and does it need to be `*args`?)

Reviewer: Oh, this is just, `...`? Like arbitrary other arguments?

Author: This is the syntax for a required keyword argument.

Reviewer: You learn something every day!

    dropout = partial(nn.Dropout, rate=self.drop_rate, deterministic=not train)
    for i in range(10):
      x += ResidualBlock(dropout=dropout, ...)(x)
```

It makes sense to pass `determinstic` to the constructor here because this way we can pass the dropout template to the sub-modules.
Now the sub-module no longer needs to take care of train vs eval mode and can simply use the `dropout` argument.
Note that because the dropout layer can only be constructed in the sub-module we can only partially `deterministic` to the constructor but not to `__call__`.

> However, if deterministic is just an attribute we run into trouble when using the setup pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if deterministic is an attribute we run into trouble when using the setup pattern. We would **want** to write our module code like this:
```

```python
class SomeModule(nn.Module):
  drop_rate: float

  def setup(self):
    self.dropout = nn.Dropout(rate=self.drop_rate)

  @nn.compact
  def __call__(self, x, *, train):
    # ...
    x = self.dropout(x, deterministic=not train)
    # ...
```

> Here it makes sense to pass `deterministic` during `__call__` because it depends on the `train` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But as defined above `deterministic` would be an attribute, so this doesn't work. Here it makes sense to pass `deterministic` during `__call__` because it depends on the `train` argument.
```

## Solution

> We can support both use cases described before by allowing certain paramaters to be passed

Reviewer: parameters -> properties

as attribute or as method argument (but not both!).
This can be implemented as follows:
```python
class MyDropout(nn.Module):
  drop_rate: float
  deterministic: Optional[bool] = None

  @nn.compact
  def __call__(self, x, deterministic=None):

>     deterministic = nn.merge_param('deterministic', self.deterministic, deterministic)

Reviewer: What purpose does the first `'deterministic'` string argument serve?

Author: That's for a helpful error message. I should maybe make that optional though.

    # ...
```

In this example `nn.merge_param` will ensure that either `self.deterministic` or `deterministic` is set but not both.
An error is raised if both values are `None` or both values are not `None`.

> This avoids confusing behavior where 2 different parts of the code set the same paramater and one is overruled by the other.

Reviewer: parameter (e not a)

It also avoids a default value which would problably cause either the train step or eval step of a training procedure to be broken by default.

## Functional Core and flax.nn

The old NN api and functional core define functions rather than classes.

> Therefore, there is no clear distinction between hyper paramaters and call time arguments.

Reviewer: parameters

> The only way to pre-determine the hyper paramaters is by using `partial`.

Reviewer: parameters

> On the upside, there are no ambiguis cases where method arguments could also be attributes.

Reviewer: Ambiguous
